[MUSIC]
>> Kyle: All that was
a long preamble to say.
We wanna attach click
handlers to these two links.
>> Kyle: And there's couple of
different ways that we can do that,
but the easiest is for
me to say- you'll notice that there
is a control a js-controls wrapper
div around the two header links.
So if I were to find
an element by attribute, and
this is the syntax you use for
finding things by attribute.
We put brackets in, rel=js-controls.
What that means is go find
any element in the page
that has a rel attribute
whose value is js controls.
So I'm saying here go find
one of those and get me-
>> Kyle: The child element, js-register.
>> Kyle: It's a question about
rels having more than one element.
Yeah, as you'll notice here in my HTML,
I've got multiple rel attributes here.
And I only care about one of them,
it's the js-register.
All right, so
now I wanna say a child element
where the rel attribute has js control or
js registers somewhere in it.
So that is almost the same,
>> Kyle: Except when you * = js-register,
that's one way of me getting at that link.
You also might note that if I make js
register totally unique,then I don't even
really need this part.
>> Kyle: And if I want both of these links
to be attached with the same handler,
which I do, I can use the compound syntax.
I can do a comma here and
say, rel*= js-login.
So here I'm saying go get me an element
that has js register as its rel attribute
and another one that has js
login in its rel attribute.
>> Kyle: I know in my page there's
only gonna be one of each of those, so
I know I now have a collection
of only those two elements.
There's literally a half dozen other ways
that I can write that same line of code.
You also should have been provided
in addition to the js org,
you would have gotten the js
org solutions folder.
And you'll notice in that js org solutions
folder I have broken down tasks one, two,
three, and four.
Those mapped to the high level task
that we're doing in our read me.
So task one is the completed
form of this task.
Task two is the completed form
of task two and so forth.
So if I took a quick little cheat
peek at the solution file for
header.js.
This is another way of doing it, which is
I'm going to attach not even to the
controls but to the header element itself.
You notice in my index HTML, I also
have an element here called js-header.
And there's a thing called event bubbling,
which means if I click on something and
I don't have a handler on that,
the bubble will make that event fire
on any of its parent elements, too.
So I could take advantage of attaching
a click handler to the header element, and
these link clicks will just bubble up for
me, which is nice and convenient.
So that's actually the way I'm
going to prefer to do this.
But like I said, there's like a dozen
other ways that you could do it.
>> Speaker 2: Did you cover that?
What does that star mean?
>> Kyle: Star means find
it anywhere in the value,
if you're gonna have multiple values.
>> Kyle: So I'm instead going
to attach to the header element.
I'm going to attach a click
handler on click, and
I want to limit my clicks to only
ones that were on those js elements.
So if we come back to our index HTML, I
wanna limit it to js register or js login.
There is a couple different
ways of going about that,
but the easiest way to go about that
is to give it a string that says.
>> Kyle: So it just needs to be one
of the things that has a js- in it.
>> Kyle: And actually I'm going to
slightly switch from my solution file.
I'm gonna go back to using
controls rather than header here.
>> Kyle: Finally,
we give it a click handler.
>> Kyle: So, what we know inside to this
function is that if we get this function
called, we know that one of our two links
was clicked, which is what we wanted,
we wanna make sure that one of
our two things was clicked.
>> Kyle: Now,
in terms of event management with jQuery.
You've probably, if you've had any
experience with jQuery before or you or
you've read Stack Overflow posts,
you've probably seen people
do things like return false,
which we don't want to do here.
So there's another way of managing
this event so that we handle it and
it doesn't bubble anywhere
do anything else.
And that's to call evt.preventDefault,
evt.stopPropagation, and
evt.stopImmediatePropagation.
>> Kyle: So that just simply means
that we're handling the event,
we don't want it to bubble anywhere else,
we're gonna take care of it.